id,neighborhood,price,bedrooms,bathrooms,house_size,description,neighborhood_description
0,Streterville,800000,3,2,3000,"Welcome to this eco-friendly oasis nestled in the heart of Streterville. This charming 3-bedroom, 2-bathroom home boasts energy-efficient features such as solar panels and a well-insulated structure. Natural light floods the living spaces, highlighting the beautiful hardwood floors and eco-conscious finishes. The open-concept kitchen and dining area lead to a spacious backyard with a vegetable garden, perfect for the eco-conscious family. Embrace sustainable living without compromising on style in this Streterville gem.","Streterville is a close-knit, environmentally-conscious community with access to organic grocery stores, community gardens, and bike paths. Take a stroll through the nearby Streterville Park or grab a cup of coffee at the cozy Green Bean Cafe. With easy access to public transportation and bike lanes, commuting is a breeze."
1,Downtown,1200000,4,3,4000,"Luxury living in the heart of Downtown. This spacious 4-bedroom, 3-bathroom home features high-end finishes, a gourmet kitchen, and stunning city views. The master suite includes a walk-in closet and spa-like bathroom. Enjoy the convenience of being walking distance to top restaurants, shops, and entertainment venues.","Downtown is a bustling urban neighborhood with a vibrant nightlife, world-class dining options, and cultural attractions. Explore the nearby museums, theaters, and art galleries, or take a leisurely stroll along the riverfront. Experience city living at its finest in Downtown."
2,Lakeview,650000,2,2,2500,"Charming 2-bedroom, 2-bathroom home in the desirable Lakeview neighborhood. This cozy bungalow features a renovated kitchen, hardwood floors, and a fenced backyard. The spacious living room is perfect for entertaining guests or relaxing with family. Enjoy the convenience of being close to parks, schools, and public transportation.","Lakeview is a family-friendly neighborhood with tree-lined streets, local boutiques, and cozy cafes. Residents enjoy easy access to the lakefront trail, Wrigley Field, and the bustling Southport Corridor. Experience the best of city living in Lakeview."
3,Lincoln Park,950000,3,3,3200,"Modern elegance in the heart of Lincoln Park. This 3-bedroom, 3-bathroom home features a sleek design, high ceilings, and floor-to-ceiling windows. The gourmet kitchen is equipped with top-of-the-line appliances and a large island. The master suite includes a spa-like bathroom and walk-in closet. Enjoy the convenience of being close to parks, schools, and shopping.","Lincoln Park is a vibrant neighborhood known for its historic architecture, tree-lined streets, and cultural attractions. Explore the nearby Lincoln Park Zoo, Conservatory, and Nature Museum, or take a leisurely stroll along the lakefront. Experience the best of city living in Lincoln Park."
4,West Loop,1100000,3,2,2800,"Sleek and stylish 3-bedroom, 2-bathroom loft in the trendy West Loop neighborhood. This industrial-chic home features exposed brick walls, high ceilings, and hardwood floors. The open-concept living space is perfect for entertaining, while the private rooftop deck offers stunning city views. Enjoy the convenience of being close to top restaurants, shops, and entertainment venues.","West Loop is a hip and happening neighborhood with a thriving culinary scene, art galleries, and boutique shops. Explore the nearby Fulton Market District, Randolph Street restaurants, and the bustling West Loop Market. Experience urban living at its finest in West Loop."
5,Wicker Park,750000,2,1,2000,"Cozy 2-bedroom, 1-bathroom cottage in the eclectic Wicker Park neighborhood. This charming home features a renovated kitchen, hardwood floors, and a private backyard. The sun-filled living room is perfect for relaxing or hosting friends. Enjoy the convenience of being close to trendy boutiques, cafes, and public transportation.","Wicker Park is a vibrant neighborhood known for its artsy vibe, local music scene, and unique shops. Residents enjoy easy access to the 606 Trail, Wicker Park Farmers Market, and Division Street nightlife. Experience the best of bohemian living in Wicker Park."
6,Gold Coast,1350000,4,4,4500,"Luxurious 4-bedroom, 4-bathroom home in the prestigious Gold Coast neighborhood. This elegant residence features a grand foyer, formal dining room, and gourmet kitchen. The master suite includes a sitting area, walk-in closet, and spa-like bathroom. Enjoy the convenience of being steps away from top restaurants, shops, and cultural attractions.","Gold Coast is a historic and upscale neighborhood known for its stately mansions, luxury boutiques, and fine dining establishments. Explore the nearby Oak Street Beach, Magnificent Mile shopping district, and Lincoln Park Zoo. Experience the epitome of luxury living in Gold Coast."
7,Old Town,850000,3,2,2700,"Classic 3-bedroom, 2-bathroom home in the charming Old Town neighborhood. This historic row house features original architectural details, hardwood floors, and a private patio. The cozy living room is perfect for relaxing by the fireplace or hosting intimate gatherings. Enjoy the convenience of being close to parks, schools, and public transportation.","Old Town is a quaint and picturesque neighborhood with tree-lined streets, historic homes, and local boutiques. Residents enjoy easy access to the nearby Lincoln Park Zoo, North Avenue Beach, and Second City comedy club. Experience the charm of Old Town living."
8,South Loop,700000,2,2,2200,"Modern 2-bedroom, 2-bathroom condo in the vibrant South Loop neighborhood. This sleek residence features an open floor plan, high ceilings, and floor-to-ceiling windows. The gourmet kitchen is equipped with stainless steel appliances and a breakfast bar. The master suite includes a walk-in closet and spa-like bathroom. Enjoy the convenience of being close to parks, museums, and public transportation.","South Loop is a dynamic neighborhood with a mix of residential buildings, cultural institutions, and green spaces. Explore the nearby Museum Campus, Grant Park, and Soldier Field, or take a leisurely stroll along the lakefront. Experience urban living at its finest in South Loop."
9,River North,1000000,3,3,3000,"Contemporary 3-bedroom, 3-bathroom penthouse in the trendy River North neighborhood. This stylish residence features a spacious living room, gourmet kitchen, and private terrace. The master suite includes a walk-in closet and spa-like bathroom. Enjoy the convenience of being steps away from top restaurants, shops, and art galleries.","River North is a vibrant neighborhood known for its art galleries, design studios, and upscale dining options. Explore the nearby Merchandise Mart, Chicago Riverwalk, and Navy Pier, or take a leisurely stroll along the Magnificent Mile. Experience the best of city living in River North."
